Steps to be followed for Logging Issues in Virtual Labs
Step 1
Create a new Github project

1.In the upper-right corner of any page, use the drop-down menu, and select New repository. 




2.Type a name for your repository., "rdip". 


	

3.Optionally, add a description of your repository. For example, "My first repository on GitHub." 





4.Choose a repository visibility.




5.Select Initialize this repository with a README. 



6.Click Create repository.

Step 2
Go to the Virtual Labs website and click on IIIT-Hyderabad institute available in the Participating institute in the left corner of the webpage to access the labs to be tested.
Select a lab and start exploring the features of the experiments and the content
While exploring the lab ,you may encounter the issues such as
Operational defects : Such as broken links, error pages, invisible or incorrect content including English grammar and buttons that not in functioning. The defects that you have observed other than the above listed are also be logged as bugs.
Simulation defects :
The simulation that does not work as per the given instructions.
The simulator with no instructions.
When the output of the simulation is not as per the requirement.
Logical flaws in the experiment’s simulation.
Quality of the simulator can be improved or enhanced.
Log as issues in github
Step 3
Logging issues in Github
On GitHub, navigate to the main page of the repository.
Under your repository name, click Issues. 

 Click New issue. 

 Type a title and description for your issue and submit it. 
Title of the issue should be in the following format. ”<lab_name>_<experiment_name>_<sub section of experiment where the bug is detected>”
For Example : problem-solving_numerical-representation_objective
Following information must be given in the issues while raising a bug in Github


Defect description : The description should specify an exact problem in the application.
Steps to reproduce the issue : A detailed step by step description to be given right from the login step until the bug is identified.
Expected result : It should elaborate the result which you are expecting to see as an end user.
Actual result : This section should describe what the feature is actually showing instead of correct results.
Screen shot : A small screenshot of the defect capturing the screen where it was identified and needs to be resolve


Please go through this Sample Issue for better understanding.


Step 4(Optional)
Labels are added for better identity and also to categorize the issues
Category : At any time an issue could be either of the two -
Bug - This label refers to the existing problem in the labs related to section/sub section.
Enhancement - This label refers to new suggestions for the labs which could improve the lab quality.
Type of issues : An issue should only be in any one of the types
Content - This label refers to the content which is not comprehensible or has some mistakes, otherwise a new content needs to be added in case of incomplete information.
Functionality - This label refers to the issues where the features are not working. Any user interface related problems like broken links or buttons not functioning would also be labelled as Functionality.







